Add sphinx-based documentation (#88)
SymbiFlow/symbiflow-examples: docs/index.rst

Welcome to SymbiFlow examples!
==============================

> This guide explains how to get started with SymbiFlow and build example designs from the `SymbiFlow Examples <https://github.com/antmicro/symbiflow-examples>`_ GitHub repository. It currently focuses on two FPGA families:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to get started with SymbiFlow and build example designs from the `SymbiFlow Examples <https://github.com/SymbiFlow/symbiflow-examples>`_ GitHub repository. It currently focuses on following FPGA families:
```

Fixed the URL and removed the `two` (that way when someone adds one more family, they don't have to change this).
